Null column constraint (#14940)
crate/crate: docs/general/ddl/constraints.rst

   For further details see :ref:`primary_key_constraint`.

.. _constraints-null:

> null
> ========

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NULL
====
```

Reviewer 2: I didn't make it uppercase because of all the other headers, but make sense, so I'm changing everything to uppercase (Primary Key, Check, Not null)

> The ``NULL`` constraint can be used on any table column, to emphasize the
> default behavior for any column, which is to allow ``null`` values to be
> inserted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Explicitly states that the column can contain ``NULL`` values. This is the default.
```

Example::

    cr> create table my_table2 (
    ...   first_column integer primary key,
    ...   second_column text null
    ... );
    CREATE OK, 1 row affected (... sec)

> .. NOTE::
> 
>    For further details see :ref:`null_constraint`.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. SEEALSO::

   - :ref:`null_constraint`

```
